Katas UI string review - Oracles (#1742)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/oracles/index.md

@[section]({
    "id": "oracles__classical_oracles",
    "title": "Classical Oracles"
})

In classical computing, the terms "black box" versus "white box" are often used to discuss the testing of a function. In "white box" testing, the implementation of a function is visible to the tester,  thus they can verify specific runtime or memory complexity expectations for the algorithm.  
However, in "black box" testing, the tester doesn't have access to the details of the function implementation. They only have access to the "black box" that takes an input and produces the corresponding output. This means the tester can only test the functionality and expected behavior of the function, but not the implementation, which is hidden behind abstraction.

Formally, a **classical oracle** is a function that, provided some input, produces a *deterministic* output
(the same input *always* results in the same output).

Some classical problems (typically <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decision_problem" target="_blank">decision problems</a>) are also expressed in terms of oracles; in this case the implementation of the function isn't important, but the functionality that it provides.  

> > Suppose you've given a function which takes two list parameters as input, where these lists represent the availability of two employees at a company during the week.  The function returns true if there is a day (Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday) for which they are both free and could schedule a meeting, and false if no such date exists.

Reviewer: Would this be better phrased as "you've been given" or "you're given"?

> > Suppose you've given a function which takes two list parameters as input, where these lists represent the availability of two employees at a company during the week.  The function returns true if there is a day (Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday) for which they are both free and could schedule a meeting, and false if no such date exists.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Suppose you've been given a function which takes two list parameters as input, where these lists represent the availability of two employees at a company during the week.  The function returns true if there is a day (Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday) for which they are both free and could schedule a meeting, and false if no such date exists.
```

Oracles must be unitary transformations, and follow the same rules of linear algebra as other quantum operations.
This allows us to define quantum oracles based on their effect on the basis states - tensor products of single-qubit basis states $\ket{0}$ and $\ket{1}$.

> For example, an oracle that implements a function that takes two bits of input is defined using its effect on basis states $\ket{00}$, $\ket{01}$, $\ket{10}$, and $\ket{11}$.  

> There're two types of quantum oracles: phase oracles and marking oracles.  Let's take a closer look at them.

Reviewer 2: I didn't even know this was a valid contraction. I think it reads far worse than "There are", personally.

> There're two types of quantum oracles: phase oracles and marking oracles.  Let's take a closer look at them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two types of quantum oracles: phase oracles and marking oracles.  Let's take a closer look at them.
```
